[release-v2.6] [DOC] Add doc for compare function for metrics doc (#4035)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/traceql/metrics-queries.md

It returns time-series for all attributes found on the spans to highlight the differences between the two groups.
This is a powerful function that is best understood by looking at example outputs below:

The function is used like other metrics functions: when it's placed after any search query, and converts it into a metrics query:
`...any spanset pipeline... | compare({subset filters}, <topN>, <start timestamp>, <end timestamp>)`

Example:
```
{ resource.service.name="a" && span.http.path="/myapi" } | compare({status=error})
```
This function is generally run as an instant query.  It may return may exceed gRPC payloads when run as a query range.
#### Parameters

The `compare` function has four parameters:

1. Required. The first parameter is a spanset filter for choosing the subset of spans. This filter is executed against the incoming spans. If it matches, then the span is considered to be part of the selection. Otherwise, it is part of the baseline.  Common filters are expected to be things like `{status=error}` (what is different about errors?) or `{duration>1s}` (what is different about slow spans?)

> 2. Optional. The second parameter is the top `N` values to return per attribute. If an attribute exceeds this limit in either the selection group or baseline group, then only the top `N` values (based on frequency) are returned, and an error indicator for the attribute is included output (see below).  Defaults to `10`.
> 
> 3. Optional. Start and End timestamps in Unix nanoseconds, which can be used to constrain the selection window by time, in addition to the filter. For example, the overall query could cover the past hour, and the selection window only a 5 minute time period in which there was an anomaly. These timestamps must both be given, or neither.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optional. The second parameter is the top `N` values to return per attribute. If an attribute exceeds this limit in either the selection group or baseline group, then only the top `N` values (based on frequency) are returned, and an error indicator for the attribute is included output (see below).  Defaults to `10`.

1. Optional. Start and End timestamps in Unix nanoseconds, which can be used to constrain the selection window by time, in addition to the filter. For example, the overall query could cover the past hour, and the selection window only a 5 minute time period in which there was an anomaly. These timestamps must both be given, or neither.
```
